well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so today we are going to talk about
donald trump's former campaign advisor
steve bannon
and some of the issues that he's facing
and by issues i mean charges
we're going to briefly discuss that and
then we're going to talk about what we
can learn from that
based on the social media response to to
to what he is facing
brief overview of the
allegations against him
there was a campaign to raise money to
build a wall on the southern border
the initial premise behind it was to
raise the money turn it over to the
federal government
then the people behind it actually
learned how the federal government works
and realized
they can't do that that's apparently
when things went sideways
it's alleged that bannon and others
pocketed some of the money used it to
fund their personal lifestyle
this is uh this is what led to the
charges
if convicted he's looking at seven to
nine years more or less based on
sentencing guidelines
theoretically he could
take a plea deal and get a
a reduction for providing what is called
substantial assistance
however in the southern district of new
york you don't get to pick and choose
it's all or nothing which means he would
have to answer questions
about everybody
that he's dealt with to include the
president
that would uh knock his sentence down to
three and a half to four and a half
years
if he did that okay
so that's where we're at it should be
noted bannon has pleaded not guilty to
this
as as we're standing here now
but see something else happened when all
of this occurred when the news broke
a unique thing happened on social media
the allegation is that a republican
ripped off a bunch of republicans and
took their money
and on social media republicans have
decided to blame
democrats why
because political parties in the united
states have
basically induced stockholm syndrome
among their supporters it's gotten to
the point
where those who are party loyalists
will defend the actions of other members
of their party even if
they're the they're the people being
harmed by them
you know we've we've talked a lot about
voting against your own interests
i'm certain right now there are people
who donated to this campaign
who are actively defending steve bannon
and blaming
the democrats saying that it's a witch
hunt or whatever
um this is
one of the reasons the united states is
headed the right direction it is
understand parties are really there to
assist
in in
the good form of corruption that that's
really why they're there
you back me on my bill i'll back you on
yours that's why they started that's why
they exist
to help form coalitions to get
legislation passed
however as people began
to focus more on party rather than
policy
this is what happens you have people who
are defending the people who took
advantage of them personally
and those who are going against
their interests they will defend a party
that is actively operating against them
it's probably something that we need to
focus on in the united states that's
part of the reason we're in the
situation we're in
is because americans have decided
that it's easier to look for an r or a d
than it is to actually look at policy
and to see the long-term effects of it
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day
good luck mr president